remove event details button, escience to title, IS2 event specifics (#10)
ICESAT-2HackWeek/website2022: book/preliminary/index.md

## {{hackweek}} Software Carpentry Session

> For anyone wishing to brush up on fundamentals, or for those of you who are new to open source workflows. We have a two-day recorded crash course that you can go over in advance of the hackweek: [Software Carpentry Schedule](swc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly encourage participants to review this two-day recorded fundamentals of Python and open-source workflows crash course ([Software Carpentry Schedule](swc)) in advance of the hackweek. You may choose whichever topics you'd like to brush up on or learn. Office hours in the weeks leading up the hackweek will provide an opportunity for asking questions and troubleshooting any issues you've encountered.
```
